another bombardment
begins several air strikes in Swift
succession the target sight after sight
in Khan
yunes vast clouds of smoke are now
familiar but still frightening sight
across
Gaza sometimes the blasts leave large
craters
other times shattered homes the only
result the damage often appears beyond
measure local survivors seem Beyond
shock The Rescuers operate with little
safety but their bravery is also Beyond
doubt carpets act as
stretchers tractors as ambulances there
are few other options to transport the
dead those close to death are carried
into Central gaza's alaxa
Hospital the agony is evident on each
arrival
face a young child hauled in
two howling for his
mother near the same Hospital's exit
people pray for those who've already
passed away
ammed Abuja Grieves for his sister
brother and wife his son Yousef aged 8
and 12-year-old daughter
SAR this moment is private buted shares
a message
publicly missiles weighing tons are
being dropped on homes children and
women would you accept this for your own
children and women
alongside the grief he expresses anger
too that what he calls the West
particularly the US France and
Britain those supporting Israel with
missiles and aircraft carriers those
supporting Israel and sending their
generals to help with plans who are you
planning against we are unarmed people
civilians we have
nothing but among the mourners and the
misery some show a surprising Inner
Strength we've moved from one spot to
another because we're afraid of death
everyone's afraid for their kids but
we're not leaving our land even when the
war stops and we find our homes
destroyed we will erect tents until God
sends us
help for the children here no help came
now they're left with only more prayers
vill marks Al
jaer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer